[Music]
thank you very much yes let's get
underway EG bus avicii game another two
of his best of three books as hell in
the life of the aisle so you just get to
20 something you that don't really do
too much like it's not intimidating is a
thing is like you roll up with three
rahman then maybe people get a little
bit scared but three Tiny's you were to
go scared you're about to get scared
find something to embrace is a fly the
initiate you don't feel perfect rotation
they'll toss him back please soak up the
extra damage to go into tiny living in
that village x sized hole through front
lines beer please get it by himself a
secondary one the guy folsom male party
solo they need a trip him up thus each
others will allow to do so wonder he's
dropping bateria Sofia
him and it's a triple over Oliver for Ag
on the way of the IO and you're not even
wearing that have super charming in this
bottom wing because it's only a viper
and you've got more mobile actions on
the side of each e is making a bunch of
rotation yeah Henry is not gonna be too
happy about this happens goes on down
off the fake and just basically
pummeling down one hour you just get the
hex up for ppt for then allow him to get
the lawsuit embrace up you of us being
close finish but you need us need to get
out of here at easier way to save you a
lot to happen in super i twig he's
hearing arrows from fear doing so much
work with the south and supra lie just
survive me the longer he's gonna go down
you try to jump to end this Viper does
get to kill before death in the Bible
that Phoenix won't be reborn for another
17 seconds queen of pain their way out
here to one charge something you've
already got max level nuke coming in
from the visage that is death to a wisp
even if he's considering a level one
relocate in he's probably gonna die what
do you mean death to arrest let's dance
everybody gave me I've moving to get
down I'm sorry have an open mind Henry
it's a male jumps in with a scream they
find the kill the Rockets runway him i'm
a complete the book works right behind
him some mail tossed up and still has
his regeneration room but he can't give
up if I guess the kill but how he just
goes down fees to know the work at once
but no other choice but to die
right in between the towel is needed ice
ice ice water position cogs push back
he'll drive up in the attacks follow a
shrimp boat killed the feel while the
sauce might be drinking all the foam on
top fearsome only you I who's gonna pick
up such a quick aghanim's scepter and
even PPD is gonna have a decent amount
of famine levels this game it's all just
come down to EG scores are conferring
rotating and saving whatever they can
out of the gang some at the top they are
gonna make the move for a UI but can we
even take them down the amount of
farming erased all the familiar the
damage and the wifis is huge with some
outcomes but the DD burn and the sonic
wave they're still gonna lose ali wheres
the whispers on top but how survival
chance i cannot question smell
regeneration true mum's killing me up
Ryan all the way down the bottom line
how will be playing so well they're so
far ahead like it is it's not the x is
kind of factor when you look at this
this is just that like reality that EG
have such control down PPD you know I
split himself over the tree lines and
then Fiji Jamie they lose vision and you
through the shots drying out Fenrir can
control them for mayor out with a sonic
wave that leads to the fatal survive to
the fly if I side into the tree trances
TP out and will be successful yes
Oh regenerate shut it down to control
our pal that's why give me whatever you
really can how he will die in the train
line and EG the vaccine those two plays
in this one universe and 15 if the toss
will make it down in three players
you're alive but fear remaining
acceptable thing at the bottom lane he
actually killed up the whispers I and
the dust later damn it hey g'day to be
on negative 10 / irish that's that's
rough MVPD in university just around the
corner so you'd if they try and counter
initiative is not gonna work and there
it is a curse blue mortal 19 minutes in
is already into the hands of this clinks
is rapidly approaches bkb point
collected i phi psi's dead in the mill
with a sonic wave combined from samayal
that just looked way too easy not even
giving him anything she gave me lineup
but they've got the Viper who's got a
mech and that's simply an item you'll
see when you won't get into a fight /
pebble thought is how is gonna be the
initiator on yeah universe try the gel
told him straightaway peanut not damaged
but Henry I think so low we just one
attacking from that Craig's they have to
get rid of his egg and they don't
there's ice ice ice Vegas inaudible pump
they did lose the best the same time so
easily other team is fine for the
theater with himself article link from
that ovulation how old you do is just uh
fell once we always got the dealer
groups among her became survival from
how runs away with all right in nature
was able to get here I don't think got
the trailer in time but he did we look
at it back to better for the same with
fan fan really fear talking about hubris
is the last one that bike respect to
fight unwillingly maybe with a scream
yeah he's gonna block from walking here
the Appalachian will throw him up and
finally they get a big run that's a huge
one that's a lot of money in from how
they needed something like that 894 gold
going the way of how and that's the hero
that you wanted to be able to do it but
the problem right now Toby was that kind
of just resets his gold as he was first
to buy back to stop that bloodletting is
eg continue to find girls around the man
you just blinked sonic waves orchid of
the vibrant feel like you should be
pushed back in writing so universe
position for the look shot is perfect
and how is very much exposed to the
Avalanche comes from fear from behind oh
this is gonna be a point where you learn
so many front with hook shot in just to
fight off i-55 even force back and fear
protection of BJP you trying to rip
apart through buddy real
just turn up I sigh sighs one big egg
this is looking to be cracked how will
the run down and scream the office on
him he'll go down through the double
campus and Allen feel the embrace will
save him behind another blinken triple
kill to the screen of pain I better be
coming ultracold you can read super in
time to kill the universe his five years
right thought the face of the earth for
BG gaming learn more I mean this game
just looks like it's getting out of
control a 15k net worth me the same
inexperienced and I don't know what VG's
come back mechanic is because they don't
have enough towers to go for the spur
push for the tiny i/o combination in
America but economically this is the
great depression of vici there's just
nothing more like an arena pain just
take that iron oh hi anti straightaway
in the mid they just keeping the numbers
going the way of EEG and now the new I'm
just also arriving when I saw the dress
you got blade Mel's you've got actually
the cab of i-55 the dye just felt
destroyed the attacking clinks just
let's apply EG averaging more than to
kill a minute right now Toby how often
do we see that in competitive data
between two tier 1 teams no very often
not with such a gap and how I know that
you really want to be up here man that's
familiar control one two and three while
fear just pummels you apart with hours
that are on fire look at that control
between the two teammates but he's ready
with the birds the aerial attack is
their fear just needs half a second to
be able to bring him down and
this mid lane even apply some I'll look
at history in case you jump off orchid
and sonic wave and get to kill but
there's no reason to risk it has every
reason to risk yourself you guys out and
see a high five sizes that I think your
burger place does that be completely
torn apart you crushed off an edge in
this game evil geniuses
only through your hat BTW painting they
crossed them I don't even think this was
an early GG call with anything it might
have been a little bit too late as eg
you just completely demoralized vici
gaming walking away with such a dominant
tour effort I don't think there's none
of your Chinese teams i know i've always
been saying ESL one was the company
competition which the Chinese have
always won it was VG gaming defending
champions from New York and